SRVCOM-1249: Add the Serverless 1.15.0 release notes (#32700)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/knative-service-cluster-local.adoc

However, developers may need to build back-end services that are only be accessible from inside the cluster, known as _private services_.
// Cluster administrators can configure private services for the cluster so that all services are private by default.
// Need to add additional details about editing the configmap for admins
Developers can label individual services in the cluster with the `networking.knative.dev/visibility=cluster-local` label to make them private.

> [IMPORTANT]
> ====
> Beginning with {ServerlessProductName} 1.15.0, the `serving.knative.dev/visibility` label is no longer available. Make sure to update it to `networking.knative.dev/visibility` where necessary.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
For {ServerlessProductName} 1.15.0 and newer versions, the `serving.knative.dev/visibility` label is no longer available. You must update existing services to use the `networking.knative.dev/visibility` label instead.
====
```
